# Contibuting Guidlines

## Table of Contents

- [Contibuting Guidlines](#contibuting-guidlines)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Start Contibuting](#start-contibuting)
  - [Recommended VSCode extensions](#recommended-vscode-extensions)
  - [Add-in File Structure](#add-in-file-structure)
  - [Creating Branches](#creating-branches)
  - [File Naming Conventions](#file-naming-conventions)
    - [Python Files](#python-files)
  - [Quarantined Files](#quarantined-files)
  - [INSTALLATION](#installation)
  - [Definition List](#definition-list)

## Start Contibuting

<!-- TODO: Explain how to start contributing. -->

## Recommended VSCode extensions

<!-- TODO: List and explain the recommended VSCode Extensions -->

## Add-in File Structure

<!-- TODO: Lay out, break down, and explain the file structure. -->

## Creating Branches

Consistantly naming your branches helps eliminate confusion and informs contributors what the focus of your branch is.

Branch names shall follow these guidlines:

-   Branch name shall be all lowercase.
-   Branch name shall not be longer than necessary, keep it to just a few words.
-   Branch name shall reflect what the focus of the branch is. For example, a branch focusing on implementing a UI could be named `implement-ui`.

!!! tip In Summary

     - Make it _lowercase_
     - Keep it ~short~
     - Make it **informative**

## File Naming Conventions

### Python Files

Python files shall follow PEP-8 guildines.

The official style guide is available on the official [Python Website](https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/).

The following shall be followed without exception:

-   Names shall follow the [Descriptive Naming Styles](https://peps.python.org/pep-0008/#descriptive-naming-styles)

    > The following naming styles are commonly distinguished:
    >
    > -   `b` (single lowercase letter)
    > -   `B` (single uppercase letter)
    > -   `lowercase`
    > -   `lower_case_with_underscores`
    > -   `UPPERCASE`
    > -   `UPPER_CASE_WITH_UNDERSCORES`
    > -   `CapitalizedWords` (or CapWords, or CamelCase – so named because of the bumpy look of its letters [4]). This is also sometimes known as StudlyCaps.
    >
    >     Note: When using acronyms in CapWords, capitalize all the letters of the acronym. Thus HTTPServerError is better than HttpServerError.
    >
    > -   `mixedCase` (differs from CapitalizedWords by initial lowercase character!)
    > -   `Capitalized_Words_With_Underscores` (ugly!)

    > In addition, the following special forms using leading or trailing underscores are recognized (these can generally be combined with any case convention):
    >
    > -   `_single_leading_underscore`: weak “internal use” indicator. E.g. `from M import *` does not import objects whose names start with an underscore.
    > -   `single_trailing_underscore_`: used by convention to avoid conflicts with Python keyword, e.g. :
    >     `tkinter.Toplevel(master, class_='ClassName')`
    > -   `__double_leading_underscore`: when naming a class attribute, invokes name mangling (inside class FooBar, `__boo` becomes `_FooBar__boo`; see below).
    > -   `\__double_leading_and_trailing_underscore__`: “magic” objects or attributes that live in user-controlled namespaces. E.g. `\__init__`, `\__import__` or `\__file__`. Never invent such names; only use them as documented.

## Quarantined Files

The following files were autogenerated by Fusion 360 and VSCode and should not be modified unless you know what you're doing:

1. [lib\fusionAddInUtils\ ]()
2. [GridfinityLabelAutogen.manifest]()
3. [GridfinityLabelAutogen.code-workspace]()
4. [config.py]()
5. [.env]()
6. [commands\ ]()
7. [commands\\\_\_init\_\_.py]()
8. [.vscode\ ]()

## INSTALLATION

This add-in should be installed in
`%HOME%/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle`

Be sure to _*replace*_ the following settings in the `.vscode/settings.json` file to allow Pylance to properly recognize modules in the development direcctory:

```json
{
	"python.autoComplete.extraPaths": [
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/Autodesk Fusion 360/API/Python/defs",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle/Contents",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle/Contents/commands",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle/Contents/lib",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle/Contents/res"
	],
	"python.analysis.extraPaths": [
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/Autodesk Fusion 360/API/Python/defs",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle/Contents",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle/Contents/commands",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle/Contents/lib",
		"${env:HOME}/AppData/Roaming/Autodesk/ApplicationPlugins/GridfinityLabelAutogen.bundle/Contents/res"
	]
}
```

## Definition List

Autogenerator Parameter, Autogen Parameter
: > Parameters defined by inputs to the `GridfinityLabelAutogen` add-in via `command inputs`.

Gridfinity Grid Unit (GGU)
: > `Gridfinity Grid Units`, or `GGU`, are a measure of length using the square grid of Gridfinity as its base unit.
One `GGU` is equal to one Gridfinity square.

User parameter
: > Parameters defined in an `.f3d` document. Easily accessed via the API and allows creating parametric designs.
